#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE - Sweet Crazy Love"
(Choerry, the youngest of O.E.C, is working hard to shoot a solo scene!)
(And she is acting silly with the camera during a break time!)
Choerry: I'm going to shoot my solo scene again after setting up a camera~
Choerry: I think time has passed really quickly.
Choerry: I arrived at here around 8 AM.
Choerry: But it's already been three hours and  thirty minutes since started!
Choerry: I finished my portion of music video shooting at here!
Choerry: I shot my solo scene of our music video for five hours!
Choerry: The most difficult thing was trying to dance while walking!
Choerry: There was an original choreography.
Choerry: But I had to dance differently from the original one. So I was really confused.
Choerry: Well, anyway I did worked hard!
JinSoul: The Legolas hair means that my turn is around the corner!
JinSoul: Look forward to it!